>> Jon Kuperman: So I'll go over to
the lessons, and I will click on audits,
feel free to follow along.
And I'm gonna go ahead and open up
the dev tools, go to lighthouse, and
I'll just choose the fresh navigation,
choose desktop app, and
I'll choose all four categories, just so
we can get a nice look at them together.
So I'll hit analyze here, and in the
background, it's gonna go to a bunch of
refreshes and implement all of its
instrumentation, all that kind of stuff.
And it'll take a couple
of seconds to load, but
it'll ultimately generate
a really nice report for us.
I like these little loading
stats about performance,
like most global users are on
kind of interesting, or,
like Pinterest made a bunch of
success with this thing or whatever.
Anyway, so nice stuff to read,
like a video game loading screen
while you're waiting for this.
But I do think some of this stuff is
really helpful building empathy like
when's last time you tested
your app on a 2G connection?
A lot of people,
it's gonna be never, right?
How fast does it load?
How slow is it really?
All right, there were issues,
the page did not present any context.
I don't know what's going on here,
hold on a second.
Typical turn it off and
on again, kind of thing.
Okay, here we go.
So we get this nice lighthouse audit,
and we can see on this plain static HTML
page where not much is going on,
we did very well for ourselves,
which is great, but on real
applications that run JavaScript or
have lots of images,
you'll probably get differing scores.
So I wanted to point out a few things so
it breaks down into the categories that
we covered above performance,
accessibility, best practices and SEO.
And then we can kind
of dive into each one.
And you can see like performance,
it gives you the actual numbers
from your web core vitals metrics
like it took 0.2 seconds.
There is no blocking time.
You can view the screenshots as
the page loads, which is very nice.
You can view all audits.
So you can look for just certain ones,
like time to first byte and
you get all these recommendations.
So basically what you will see on
a real website when you load one and
it has a score is you'll see all these
different diagnostic suggestions.
If you were to minify your JavaScript,
you could potentially say 56 kilobytes.
If you were to enable text
compression on the server side,
you could save an additional 5 kilobytes.
Your static assets don't have cash
policies, all this different stuff.
And the great thing here is that for
any rule that you're unsure about,
you can click on it and they will always
have links to a really nice documentation
section on their website explaining why
this flags and what you could do about it.
Some of these will be client side only.
Like, hey, your HTML needs a meta tag.
Other ones might be server side as well,
like, hey, this asset's being sent down,
but it doesn't have a cache head or
something like that.
So they won't all be fixable for
you if you're a front end engineer, but
they are all suggestions that you
should at least kind of read through,
understand where they're coming from and
what could be done to fix them.
So we'll go through kind of that
performance section, which is great.
Then we can also look at all the past
audits, like all these things that worked
well and they didn't feel any to warn us
about our images are the right size, blah,
blah, blah, we've minified our CSS,
things like that.
We'll scroll down a little bit further
into accessibility, and we'll see things
like, we passed our accessibility audit
for 100 but they have some suggestions.
These are things that you should manually
check that they're not able to check with
Lighthouse Audit.
So, can controls be keyboard focusable?
Are interactive elements, do they
clearly state their purpose and state?
A lot of this stuff I'll cover in my other
course, but it's good to know here that
they are not only giving you a score
on the stuff they can test, but
they're giving you a really concise list
of stuff that they could not test here.
So I'll go ahead and hide that.
Move into best practices.
So again, we saw this warning earlier.
This page doesn't have an HTML doc type,
which triggers Quirks mode.
And so if we wanted to, we could add
that doc type HTML at the very top.
Similarly, we don't have CSP, or
we could use these different policies,
all these different things,
they're really nice.
A lot of these are going
to be server side, but
you can see that we
passed all these audits.
We have three not applicable,
and then we've got some manual
ones to suggest to try out.
And then SEO, we can see that the document
doesn't have a meta description.
If we're curious about that, again, we
can deep link to their documentation and
see that they recommend us adding
this meta description tag,
which would be what shows up in
the search results page for Google.
Yeah, so
we can kind of click through here.
This one not super exciting.
The exercise that we'll go into in a
minute here should be a lot more exciting.
But the basic idea is that this is
a great starting place when you're doing
performance analysis.
You just come here, you run a Lighthouse
Audit, you see kind of your scores and
things that you care about, and you can at
least get a good idea of where to start
off, like what things are slow,
what things need attention.
I think with that,
we will turn it over to the exercise, and
we can all take some time running
these Lighthouse audits together.
Unless anybody has any questions
before we start on that.
>> Speaker 2: Is the lighthouse,
online or offline,
is it just looking at
what's been downloaded?
>> Jon Kuperman: It does a full, this is
a great question for the navigation type,
right, which is this one,
it will do a full online fetch.
And what I mean by that is if you were to
say, turn your Wi-Fi off and hit this,
that would be the way you would simulate
your service workers and things like that.
So it will go out and it will fetch
all these things for the snapshot.
It doesn't need to because it won't
fetch any additional stuff, so
it'll work offline.
But either way, it will attempt a full
organic refresh with navigation and
do what it can do with that kind of stuff.